DEVDOCS-5645: [update] add webhook requirements (#2114)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/webhooks/about-webhooks.mdx

Need to set up a quick webhook destination URL for testing? See [Tools for Debugging and Testing Webhooks](#tools).

### Response requirements

> BigCommerce doesn't recommend sending bodies or headers in response to webhooks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce doesn't recommend sending bodies or headers in response to webhooks. It may interfere with the successful webhook delivery acknowledgment. 
```

> BigCommerce does not save or log any response information except response codes and does not recommend sending request bodies or headers in response to webhooks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BigCommerce doesn't save or log any response information except for response codes and doesn't recommend sending request bodies or headers in response to webhooks. 
```

> BigCommerce doesn't save or log any response information except for response codes and doesn't recommend sending request bodies or headers in response to webhooks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce doesn't recommend sending request bodies or headers in response to webhooks. 
```

BigCommerce has the following webhook response requirements:

> **Limitations**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you must send response headers, they have to conform to this **Limitations** in order for the webkook delivery to be successfully acknowledged.
```

Author: @zvuki I addressed your feedback. 

If you send response headers, they must conform to the following limitations for the webhook delivery to be successfully acknowledged.

> BigCommerce has the following webhook requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce has the following webhook response requirements:
```

> * The header should not exceed 8 kilobytes (10 by 1 kilobytes is OK). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The header value should not exceed 8 kilobytes (10 by 1 kilobytes is OK). 
```

* The header name should not exceed 64 characters (bytes). 

> * The number of headers should not be larger than 64. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The total number of headers shouldn't exceed 64. 
```
